Consistently use kebab-case filenames for DocC articles (#1765)
swiftlang/swift-testing: Sources/Testing/Testing.docc/migrating-from-xctest.md

  }
}

> For more information, see <doc:parallelization>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see <doc:running-tests-serially-or-in-parallel>.
```

## See Also

> - <doc:defining-tests>
> - <doc:organizing-tests>
> - <doc:expectations>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- <doc:defining-test-functions>
- <doc:organizing-test-functions-with-suite-types>
- <doc:expectations-and-confirmations>
```
